1.  list out features of html5?
ans:-  some of the main feature of html5 are as follow:-

a. audio and video:- audio and video feature are introduce in a html5. we can give the
 height and width of the video, and the additional feature like broder, css feature, it's use
in the  html5. in control tage we can get video active.
b. canvas element:- in use of canvas element we can create the interative graphic within 
 a web page.
c. local storage:- local storage introduce in a html5, it can use for the better or fast experience 
do not travel much, like the previous html model.
d. form improvement:- html5 introduce improvement in forms, like date, time new input type, new 
attribute like required etc.


2. What are HTML Entities? List out 5 commonly used HTML entities.
ans:- html entities represent symbols and special charater that we can use to get our web page more 
effective.
some are commonly use html entities such as follow:-
a. greater than(>):- we can create > symbol to use &gt or &#62.
b. less than(<):- we can create < symbol to use &lt or &#60.
c. ampersand (&):-  we can create & symbol to use &amp or &#38.
d. non-breaking space :- we can create use &nbsp or &#160.
e. copy :- we can create use &copy or &#169.

3. Define accessibility in the context of web development? Discuss why it's essential to create accessible
websites and how it benefits different user groups?
ans:- we can must create accessibility website; to refer designing and coding website create 
such like that the disability person also can use the website very easily. 

inclusivity:- accessible website create that everyone use the website very easily included 
the disable person. In content or web designing create such like that.
business growth:- accessible website reach a wider audience,loyalty and potencial base customer.
legal compliance:- many countries have laws requiring website to the accessible avoiding legal 
issue.
benefit of the different user:- 
visual impairments:- accessibility provide screen reader support and text alternatives for the 
blind or visualy impairment user.
elderly users:-Accessible websites accommodate age-related limitations, ensuring usability
for elderly users.
Motor Disabilities: Keyboard navigation and easy-to-click elements assist users with motor limitation

4. list any 3 ways which help us in improving the accessibility of HTML?
ans. 1. use semantic html element:- semantic element is use to create a accessible webiste that can 
help the disability person to understand. such like header, main, footer, content.
2. use color with care:- color play in important role in web design, we can use color like that to
make our website accessiable. so that low vision can also read without any issue.
3.Provide alt text for images: adding descriptive alt text to images using the alt attribute ensures that users who
cannot see the images can understand their content and purpose. 










